= Reception
Reception is a rails-fronted for transmission-daemon for people who want to automate torrent downloading.
In contrast to Clutch, Reception does not just download your torrents, it also automates the finding and filtering.

Request log analyzer was designed and built by Bart ten Brinke.

== Installation
You must have a server running transmission-daemon

Install reception from source (gem is not available at this time)
  $ git clone git://github.com/barttenbrinke/reception.git

Migrate the database
  $ rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
  
Add the following line into your cron
  $ 30 * * * * /your/directory/reception/rake reception:update

Startup reception on your server and open it in a browser
  $ ruby script/server -e production &
  $ open http://yourserver:3000


== Usage
Open the transmission tab to verify your settings if the connection to transmission-daemon is not working.

Go to the sources tab and add a new source for example:
  Name: Ubuntu torrents
  Url: http://www.ubuntu.com/getubuntu/downloadmirrors
  Source type : scraper
  Enabled : true
  
No press test filters. As you can see Reception finds a lot of acceptable torrents.
Say we only want to have the amd64 torrents.
Click Back to Source, Should include add filter and enter the word: 'amd64'.
Create and go back to 'test filters'.

All the torrents which to not include 'amd64' should now be rejected.
This can be refined as necessary.


== TODO
As you have probably noticed, this is version 1.0 so there are still things to do:
 * Package project in gem
 * Automate cron installation
 * Nicer torrent view + Ajax updater
 * Automated categorization of downloaded files.

If you feel like helping out, please do!

== Additional information

* Project wiki at GitHub: http://wiki.github.com/barttenbrinke/reception
* RDoc documentation: http://barttenbrinke.github.com/reception

git remote add github git@github.com:barttenbrinke/reception.git